# Welcome!

## Preface
This is my solution for Assignment 5, the Inventory
App.

## Controls

### Add Item
To add an item, first enter the details in the 3 relevant text
boxes labeled **Value**, **Serial Number**, and **Name**, then hit 
***Add Item***.

*Note:* ***Values** must only be numbers,* ***Serial Numbers** must 
be 10 characters in length and only contain alphanumeric characters, 
and* ***Names** must be between 2 and 256 characters inclusive.*

***Additionally, duplicate items are not allowed and will not be added.***

### Remove Item(s)

To remove items, highlight all desired items by clicking on one,
and, if desired, using the **up** and **down** arrow keys while 
holding **shift** to select multiple. With the items selected, click 
the *arrow* in the ***Add Items*** box and click ***Remove Item(s)***.

### Edit Item
To edit item, double-click the desired data field to start editing,
then hit ***Enter*** to save the changes. 

*Note: the same input restrictions as with* ***adding** items also apply
to* ***changing** items.*

### Sort Inventory
Click on one of the 3 table labels: *Value*, *Serial Number*, or *Name*,
then click again to switch the sorting by that value. If the **triangle** is
facing up, the **inventory** will sort from **A-Z/least-to-greatest**. If the 
**triangle** is facing down, the **inventory** will sort from **Z-A/greatest-to-least.**

### Search Inventory
Type in the **Search** box just under the input fields to search for an item.
The search will find items with a matching **Name** and/or **Serial Number**.

### Save Inventory
Click the **Export** menu option in the top left, then click to save the current
inventory in the desired filetype. Supported filetypes are **TSV**, **JSON**, and
**HTML**.

### Load Inventory
Click the **Import** menu option in the top left, then click to load an inventory
using a desired filetype. Supported filetypes are **TSV**, **JSON**, and
**HTML**.

*Note: files saved through this app have a specific format. Other **TSV**, **JSON**, and
**HTML** files that* ***were not** generated by this app* ***will not load***. 

***Only files that were generated by this app will load.***

